You never had to worry about
whether or not grandpa and grandma were
taken care of day or night you always
knew that
when that staff would come in
and say "Hi Pat, how are you doing today?"
they weren't just saying that
you knew they meant that they also took
care of us as a family coming in
my dad
was diagnosed with lung cancer
Dad fooled everybody he had a passion
for life
passion to live
[Music]
Initially we took care of him at a home
and
did so for a little over four years
as
the cancer progressed it became more
evident that
we were going to need more help
They always seemed to know right when we
needed someone to put an arm around us
and give us a hug or when they
or if we needed that extra time to be
alone with grandpa or grandma or by
ourselves on the porch right outside
they just knew
and we were able to be with dad when he
passed
My name is Patrick Garrison, I am Jessica
Sherman, my family has benefited from a
comfort care facility my family
benefited from
a comfort care facility
[Music]
you